This song is called:
"5,000 Candles in the Wind"
Up in horsey heaven
here's the thing...
You trade your legs
for angels wings...
And once we've all said good-bye
You take a running
leap and you learn to fly
Bye bye Li'l Sebastian
Miss you in the saddest fashion
You're 5,000 candles in the wind
And though we all
miss you everyday
We know you're up
there eating heaven's hay
But here's the part
that hurts the most
Humans cannot ride a ghost
Bye bye Li'l Sebastian
Miss you in the saddest fashion
You're 5,000 candles in the wind
Everybody sing it now!
Bye bye Li'l Sebastian
Miss you in the saddest fashion
You're 5,000
candles in the wind...
Maybe someday
we'll saddle up again...
And I know I'll always
miss my horsiest friend...
Spread your wings and fly...